Add permissions table to use Sider (#67)
sider/sider-docs: getting-started/permissions.md

# Permissions

Sider requires specific permissions to users corresponding to operate. Because Sider is integrated into GitHub, names of permission levels are the same as GitHub.
Therefore, if you need more information about permission levels, see GitHub documentations: "[Permission levels for an organization](https://help.github.com/articles/permission-levels-for-an-organization/)" and "[Repository permission levels for an organization](https://help.github.com/articles/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization/)".

Principally, as to organization settings, Sider checks permissions to an organization; as to repository settings, need appropriate permissions to a repository.

## Permissions requirement for an organization

> | Action | Billing Manager | Members | Owners |

Reviewer: Plural?

```suggestion
| Action | Billing Managers | Members | Owners |
```

Author: We now set only 1 billing manager, so I believe that we shouldn't use a plural.

Reviewer: I see 👍

| ------ | :-------------: | :-----: | :----: |

> | Sider installation | | | X |

Reviewer: [IMO] How about using "verb + noun" format such as `Enable repositories`?

```suggestion
| Install Sider | | | X |
```

> | Sider installation | | | X |

Reviewer: [suggestion] How about using emoji such as ✔️ or ✅ instead of `X`?

Author: Because of using `<sup>`, string `X` seems to be better than emoji.

Reviewer: Agree 👍

| See repository adding page | | X | X |

> | Register repositories | | X<sup>1</sup> | X |

Reviewer 2: Add a new repository

Reviewer: The document says `Add repositories` in `Permissions requirement for a repository` section.

> | Registered repositories | | X *1 | X |

Author: Although I wish to use footnotes, it seems that CommonMark doesn't have a notation for a footnote...
https://docs.gitbook.com/content-editing/markdown

Reviewer: [question] Can we use footnotes? See https://toolchain.gitbook.com/syntax/markdown.html#footnotes

Author: Is this document available for present GitBook? It is likely to be legacy one: https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook/blob/master/docs/README.md#gitbook-toolchain-documentation

Reviewer: Oh, sorry. It's very confusing... 😓

Reviewer: [suggestion] How about this idea? From [How to add footnotes to GitHub-flavoured Markdown? - Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25579868/how-to-add-footnotes-to-github-flavoured-markdown)
(`<a name>` is obsolete in HTML5)

```markdown
X <sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>

<span id="footnote1">1</span>: This is a footnote.
```

---

X <sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>

<span id="footnote1">1</span>: This is a footnote.

> | See registered repositories | | X<sup>2</sup> | X |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| See organization repositories | | X<sup>2</sup> | X |
```

Reviewer: It is in "Permissions requirement for an organization" section, so I think `organization` is unnecessary. 🤔

| Enable repositories | | | X |
| Delete repositories | | | X |
| Register credit cards | | | X |
| Upgrade plan | | | X |
| Cancel plan | | | X |
| Assign seats | | | X |

> | Register Billing Manager | | | X |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Add a Billing Manager | | | X |
```

| Edit Billing Manager | | | X |
| Delete Billing Manager | | | X |

> | Show Invoice | X | X | X |

Reviewer: [IMO] How about saying such as `Enable repositories`?

```suggestion
| Show invoices | X | X | X |
```

Reviewer: Is this fixed?

Author: https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/pull/67/commits/41e072db709a2d9c19c363c0e509c01c7aa405e7#diff-0190ea6ed2f9b6aeffd6c21df3b2068eR25

Reviewer: `Invoice` is not a proper noun, so I think `invoices` is more appropriate than `Invoices`.

Author: I haven't had noticed to use uppercase 🙃

| Add supplementary information to a invoice | | | X |

<sup>1</sup> You must have admin permission to a repository.

> <sup>2</sup> You can see all repositories you have repository access.

Reviewer 2: Is `repository access` an internal system term?
```suggestion
<sup>2</sup> Only repositories that you can access will be displayed.
```

> *2: You can see all repositories you have repository access.

Reviewer: [question] Can we use *footnotes*? See https://toolchain.gitbook.com/syntax/markdown.html#footnotes

## Permissions requirement for a repository

| Action | Read permissions | Write permissions | Admin permissions |
| ------ | :--------------: | :---------------: | :---------------: |
| Add repositories | | | X<sup>3</sup> |

> | See analyzing/analyzed pull requests list | X | X | X |

Reviewer: [IMO] how about just `pull requests` without `list`?
```suggestion
| See analyzing/analyzed pull requests | X | X | X |
```

| See analysis results | X | X | X |
| Comment to issues | X | X | X |
| Comment and close issues | | X | X |

> | Close an issue | | X | X |

Reviewer: [IMO] Considering `Comment to issues` and `Comment and close issues`, plural looks good to me.

```suggestion
| Close issues | | X | X |
```

| Close all issues simultaneously | | X | X |
| Reopen issues | | X | X |

> | Retry analysis on analysis results page | | X | X |

Reviewer: [IMO] Because other actions don't mention to the page, I think just `Retry analysis` is better.

```suggestion
| Retry analysis | | X | X |
```

| See analysis logs<sup>4</sup> | X | X | X |
| See repository settings | | X | X |

> | Enable inline comments by bot | | X | X |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Enable inline comments | | X | X |
```

> | See Sider settings for repositories | | X | X |

Reviewer: [IMO] How about stopping to say `Sider`? Because other actions don't say it.

```suggestion
| See repository settings | | X | X |
```

| Sync repositories with GitHub | | X | X |
| Register SSH Key | | X | X |
| Delete SSH Key | | X | X |

> | Set Slack integration | | X | X |

Reviewer: [IMO] `Set` and `Edit` is similar, so how about `Add`?

```suggestion
| Add Slack integration | | X | X |
```

| Edit Slack integration | | X | X |
| Delete Slack integration | | X | X |
| Enable test mode | | X | X |
| Edit analysis tools | | X | X |

<sup>3</sup> You must have Member or Owner permission to your organization.

> <sup>4</sup> If private repositories, only seat allocated users can see analysis logs.

Author: I'd like to write what a user cannot see analysis logs even if the user has read permissions to a repository in private repository. Thus I believe that it cannot be always said irrelevant.

> <sup>4</sup> If private repositories, only seat allocated users can see analysis logs.

Reviewer 2: In that case, I guess we should describe the same thing about "See analysis results" and so on.
